[SOAR-8488] azure sentinel - comment actions, threat intelligence actions, watchlist actions, watchlist item actions (#1178)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/azure_sentinel/help.md

# Description

Azure Sentinel is Microsoft's' automated security service.

# Key Features

* Creating and updating incidents
* Deleting incidents

> * Retriveing incident's details

Reviewer: Retrieving incident's details

|client_secret|credential_secret_key|None|True|The application secret that you generated for your app in the app registration portal|None|ef50c6bx9umaik9agvoxtoqec2fg9f0y|
|tenant_id|string|None|True|This is active directory ID|None|5ceea899-ae8c-4ff1-fffe-353646eeeff0|

Example input:

```
{
  "client_id": "c163eff0-d1a1-4618-ee2a-453534f43cee",
  "client_secret": "ef50c6bx9umaik9agvoxtoqec2fg9f0y",
  "tenant_id": "5ceea899-ae8c-4ff1-fffe-353646eeeff0"
}
```

## Technical Details

### Actions

#### List Entities

This action is used to get all incidents entities.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|incident123|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegrup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "incidentId": "incident123",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegrup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",

>   "workspaceName": "workspace23"

Reviewer: Just wondering right now - should those parameters stay as inputs for action or maybe it would be much better for them to stay in connection?

}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|entities|[]Entity|False|All the entities assigned to the given incident|

Example output:

```
{
  "entities": []
}
```

#### List Incidents

This action is used to list all the incidents matching specified criteria.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|orderBy|string|None|False|Field to sort results by|None|properties/createdTimeUtc desc|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case-insensitive|None|resourcegrup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "orderBy": "properties/createdTimeUtc desc",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegrup1",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",

>   "workspaceName": "workspace23"

Reviewer: Same here as above. What do you think about moving them to connection part?

> 

Reviewer 2: On line 3, please fix this

```suggestion
Azure Sentinel is Microsoft's automated security service.
```

* Creating and updating incidents
* Deleting incidents
* Retrieving incident's details
* Listing incidents for a given workspace
* Listing bookmarks for a given incident
* Listing alerts for a given incident
* Creating and updating incident comments
* Deleting incident comments
* Listing incident comments
* Creating indicator
* Retrieving indicator
* Updating indicator
* Deleting indicator
* Query indicator
* Append tags for indicator
* Replace tags for indicator
* Creating and updating watchlists

> * Retriveing a watchlist

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Retrieving a watchlist
```

* Deleting a watchlist
* Listing watchlists for a given workspace
* Creating and updating watchlist items

> * Retrieving watchlist item
> * Deleting watchlist item

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Retrieving a watchlist item
* Deleting a watchlist item
```

      "name":"Od nendzy do piniendzy",
      "type":"Microsoft.SecurityInsights/Watchlists",
      "systemData":{
        "createdAt":"2022-04-12T18:37:46.6066473Z",
        "createdBy":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e",
        "createdByType":"Application",
        "lastModifiedAt":"2022-04-12T18:37:46.6066473Z",
        "lastModifiedBy":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e",
        "lastModifiedByType":"Application"
      },
      "properties":{
        "watchlistId":"8964710e-13fb-4b57-a6b6-90592a92b0fb",
        "displayName":"High Value Assets Watchlist",
        "provider":"Microsoft",
        "source":"Local File",
        "itemsSearchKey":"header1",
        "created":"2022-04-12T18:37:46.6066473+00:00",
        "updated":"2022-04-12T18:37:46.6066473+00:00",
        "createdBy":{
          "objectId":"dd702e59-e27b-48f6-95df-05c12f3f47c4",
          "name":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e"
        },
        "updatedBy":{
          "objectId":"dd702e59-ed7d-48d6-15d1-15a12a3f47e4",
          "name":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e"
        },
        "description":"Watchlist from CSV content",
        "watchlistType":"watchlist",

>         "watchlistAlias":"Od nendzy do piniendzy",

Reviewer 2: Could you please replace the watchlist name with "Example watchlist" or some other English term? 😅

        "isDeleted":false,
        "labels":[
          
        ],
        "tenantId":"5c1214199-de3c-4531-96fb-3b886d4f8f10",
        "numberOfLinesToSkip":0,
        "uploadStatus":"Complete"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Get Watchlist

> This action is used to get requested watchlist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to get the requested watchlist.
```

  "name": "highValueAsset",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/Watchlists",
  "etag": "\"0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000\"",
  "properties": {
    "watchlistId": "76d5a51f-ba1f-4038-9d22-59fda38dc017",
    "displayName": "High Value Assets Watchlist",
    "provider": "Microsoft",
    "source": "Local file",
    "created": "2020-09-28T00:26:54.7746089+00:00",
    "updated": "2020-09-28T00:26:57+00:00",
    "createdBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "updatedBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "description": "Watchlist from CSV content",
    "watchlistType": "watchlist",
    "watchlistAlias": "highValueAsset",
    "itemsSearchKey": "header1",
    "isDeleted": false,
    "labels": [
      "Tag1",
      "Tag2"
    ],
    "defaultDuration": "P1279DT12H30M5S",
    "tenantId": "f686d426-8d16-42db-81b7-ab578e110ccd"
  }
}
```

#### Delete Watchlist

> This action is used to delete requested watchlist.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to delete the requested watchlist.
```

        "createdBy":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e",
        "createdByType":"Application",
        "lastModifiedAt":"2022-04-12T18:37:46.6066473Z",
        "lastModifiedBy":"cbebe4c0-d1a1-43e8-973a-5292f659c22e",
        "lastModifiedByType":"Application"
      },
      "properties":{
        "watchlistItemType":"watchlist-item",
        "watchlistItemId":"fd37d325-7090-47fe-851a-5b5a00c3f576",
        "tenantId":"3f8901fe-63d9-4875-9ad5-9fb3b8105797",
        "isDeleted":false,
        "created":"2021-02-04T12:27:32.3783333-08:00",
        "updated":"2021-02-04T12:27:32.3783333-08:00",
        "createdBy":{
          "objectId":"2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
          "email":"user@example.com",
          "name":"john doe"
        },
        "updatedBy":{
          "objectId":"2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
          "email":"user@example.com",
          "name":"john doe"
        },
        "itemsKeyValue":{
          "Header-1":"v1_1",
          "Header-2":"v1_2",
          "Header-3":"v1_3",
          "Header-4":"v1_4",
          "Header-5":"v1_5"
        },
        "entityMapping":{
          
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Get Watchlist Item

> This action is used to get existing Watchlist Item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to get an existing Watchlist Item.
```

  "name": "fd37d325-7090-47fe-851a-5b5a00c3f576",
  "etag": "\"f2089bfa-0000-0d00-0000-601c58b42021\"",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/Watchlists/WatchlistItems",
  "properties": {
    "watchlistItemType": "watchlist-item",
    "watchlistItemId": "fd37d325-7090-47fe-851a-5b5a00c3f576",
    "tenantId": "3f8901fe-63d9-4875-9ad5-9fb3b8105797",
    "isDeleted": false,
    "created": "2021-02-04T12:27:32.3783333-08:00",
    "updated": "2021-02-04T12:27:32.3783333-08:00",
    "createdBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "updatedBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "itemsKeyValue": {
      "Header-1": "v1_1",
      "Header-2": "v1_2",
      "Header-3": "v1_3",
      "Header-4": "v1_4",
      "Header-5": "v1_5"
    },
    "entityMapping": {}
  }
}
```

#### Delete Watchlist Item

> This action is used to delete existing Watchlist Item.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to delete an existing Watchlist Item.
```

  "etag": "0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/Watchlists/WatchlistItems",
  "properties": {
    "watchlistItemType": "watchlist-item",
    "watchlistItemId": "82ba292c-dc97-4dfc-969d-d4dd9e666842",
    "tenantId": "4008512e-1d30-48b2-9ee2-d3612ed9d3ea",
    "isDeleted": false,
    "created": "2020-11-15T04:58:56.0748363+00:00",
    "updated": "2020-11-16T16:05:20+00:00",
    "createdBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "updatedBy": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    },
    "itemsKeyValue": {
      "Gateway subnet": "10.0.255.224/27",
      "Web Tier": "10.0.1.0/24",
      "Business tier": "10.0.2.0/24",
      "Data tier": "10.0.2.0/24",
      "Private DMZ in": "10.0.0.0/27",
      "Public DMZ out": "10.0.0.96/27"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Update Indicator

> This action is used to update existing threat intelligence indicator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to update an existing threat intelligence indicator.
```

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/180105c7-a28d-b1a2-4a78-234f6ec80fd6",
  "name": "180105c7-a28d-b1a2-4a78-234f6ec80fd6",
  "etag": "0000322c-0000-0800-0000-5e976c960000",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
  "kind": "indicator",
  "properties": {
    "confidence": 78,
    "created": "2021-04-15T20:20:38.6160949Z",
    "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
    "externalId": "indicator--a2b6a95e-2108-4a38-bd49-ef95811bbcd7",
    "externalReferences": [],
    "granularMarkings": [],
    "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2020-04-15T20:20:38.6161887Z",
    "revoked": false,
    "source": "Azure Sentinel",
    "threatIntelligenceTags": [
      "new schema"
    ],
    "displayName": "new schema",
    "description": "debugging indicators",
    "threatTypes": [
      "compromised"
    ],
    "killChainPhases": [],
    "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.contoso.com']",
    "patternType": "url",
    "validFrom": "2021-04-15T17:44:00.114052Z"
  }
}
```

#### Replace Tags

> This action is used to replace tags to a threat intelligence indicator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to replace tags in a threat intelligence indicator.
```

Example output:

```
{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/27d963e6-e6e4-e0f9-e9d7-c53985b3bbe8",
      "name": "27d963e6-e6e4-e0f9-e9d7-c53985b3bbe8",
      "etag": "00002f2c-0000-0800-0000-5e976a8e0000",
      "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
      "kind": "indicator",
      "properties": {
        "confidence": 90,
        "created": "2021-04-15T20:11:57.9666134Z",
        "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
        "externalId": "indicator--8516d567-0daa-4614-8745-e3591e1b48cf",
        "externalReferences": [],
        "granularMarkings": [],
        "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2020-04-15T20:15:11.0746926Z",
        "revoked": false,
        "source": "Azure Sentinel",
        "threatIntelligenceTags": [
          "new schema"
        ],
        "displayName": "new schema 2",
        "description": "debugging indicators 2",
        "threatTypes": [
          "compromised"
        ],
        "killChainPhases": [],

>         "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.contoso.com']",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.example.com']",
```

              }
            ]
          }
        ]
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
      "name": "e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
      "etag": "00002a2c-0000-0800-0000-5e97683b0000",
      "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
      "kind": "indicator",
      "properties": {
        "confidence": 78,
        "created": "2021-04-15T19:51:17.1050923Z",
        "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
        "externalId": "indicator--73be1729-babb-4348-a6c4-94621cae2530",
        "externalReferences": [],
        "granularMarkings": [],
        "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2021-04-15T20:15:11.074903Z",
        "revoked": false,
        "source": "Azure Sentinel",
        "threatIntelligenceTags": [
          "patching tags"
        ],
        "displayName": "updated indicator",
        "description": "debugging indicators",
        "threatTypes": [
          "compromised"
        ],
        "killChainPhases": [],

>         "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.contoso.com']",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.example.com']",
```

        "patternType": "url",
        "validFrom": "2021-04-15T17:44:00.114052Z"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Get Indicator

> This action is used to get existing threat intelligence indicator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to get an existing threat intelligence indicator.
```

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
  "name": "e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
  "etag": "\"00002a2c-0000-0800-0000-5e97683b0000\"",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
  "kind": "indicator",
  "properties": {
    "confidence": 78,
    "created": "2021-04-15T19:51:17.1050923Z",
    "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
    "externalId": "indicator--73be1729-babb-4348-a6c4-94621cae2530",
    "externalReferences": [],
    "granularMarkings": [],
    "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2021-04-15T20:18:49.2259902Z",
    "revoked": false,
    "source": "Azure Sentinel",
    "threatIntelligenceTags": [
      "patching tags"
    ],
    "displayName": "updated indicator",
    "description": "debugging indicators",
    "threatTypes": [
      "compromised"
    ],
    "killChainPhases": [],
    "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://abc.com']",
    "patternType": "url",
    "validFrom": "2021-04-15T17:44:00.114052Z"
  }
}
```

#### Delete Indicator

> This action is used to delete existing threat intelligence indicator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to delete an existing threat intelligence indicator.
```

|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/180105c7-a28d-b1a2-4a78-234f6ec80fd6",
  "name": "180105c7-a28d-b1a2-4a78-234f6ec80fd6",
  "etag": "0000322c-0000-0800-0000-5e976c960000",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
  "kind": "indicator",
  "properties": {
    "confidence": 78,
    "created": "2021-09-15T20:20:38.6160949Z",
    "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
    "externalId": "indicator--a2b6a95e-2108-4a38-bd49-ef95811bbcd7",
    "externalReferences": [],
    "granularMarkings": [],
    "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2020-04-15T20:20:38.6161887Z",
    "revoked": false,
    "source": "Azure Sentinel",
    "threatIntelligenceTags": [
      "new schema"
    ],
    "displayName": "new schema",
    "description": "debugging indicators",
    "threatTypes": [
      "compromised"
    ],
    "killChainPhases": [],

>     "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.contoso.com']",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://www.example.com']",
```

|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/bd794837-4d29-4647-9105-6339bfdb4e6a/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalInsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence/e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
  "name": "e16ef847-962e-d7b6-9c8b-a33e4bd30e47",
  "etag": "00002a2c-0000-0800-0000-5e97683b0000",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/ThreatIntelligence",
  "kind": "indicator",
  "properties": {
    "confidence": 78,
    "created": "2021-04-15T19:51:17.1050923Z",
    "createdByRef": "user@example.com",
    "externalId": "indicator--73be1729-babb-4348-a6c4-94621cae2530",
    "externalReferences": [],
    "granularMarkings": [],
    "lastUpdatedTimeUtc": "2021-04-15T20:18:49.2259902Z",
    "revoked": false,
    "source": "Azure Sentinel",
    "threatIntelligenceTags": [
      "patching tags"
    ],
    "displayName": "updated indicator",
    "description": "debugging indicators",
    "threatTypes": [
      "compromised"
    ],
    "killChainPhases": [],

>     "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://abc.com']",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://example.com']",
```

    "patternType": "url",
    "validFrom": "2021-04-15T17:44:00.114052Z"
  }
}
```

#### Delete Comment

> This action deletes a comment for a given incident.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action deletes a comment on a given incident.
```

  "properties": "{\"message\": \"some message\"}",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comment|IncidentComment|True|Newly created incident comment|

Example output:

```
{
  "id": "/subscriptions/d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalIinsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/incidents/73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5/comments/4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/incidents/comments",
  "etag": "190057d0-0000-0d00-0000-5c6f5adb0000",
  "properties": {
    "message": "Some message",
    "createdTimeUtc": "2019-01-01T13:15:30Z",
    "lastModifiedTimeUtc": "2019-01-03T11:10:30Z",
    "author": {
      "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
      "email": "user@example.com",
      "userPrincipalName": "user@example.com",
      "name": "john doe"
    }
  }
}
```

#### List Comments

> This action is used to list all the comments of the requested incident.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action is used to list all the comments on a given incident.
```

  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comments|[]IncidentComment|True|List of comment objects|

Example output:

```
{
  "comments": [
    {
      "id": "/subscriptions/d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0/resourceGroups/myRg/providers/Microsoft.OperationalIinsights/workspaces/myWorkspace/providers/Microsoft.SecurityInsights/incidents/73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5/comments/4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
      "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
      "type": "Microsoft.SecurityInsights/incidents/comments",
      "etag": "190057d0-0000-0d00-0000-5c6f5adb0000",
      "properties": {
        "message": "Some message",
        "createdTimeUtc": "2019-01-01T13:15:30Z",
        "lastModifiedTimeUtc": "2019-01-03T11:10:30Z",
        "author": {
          "objectId": "2046feea-040d-4a46-9e2b-91c2941bfa70",
          "email": "user@example.com",
          "userPrincipalName": "user@example.com",
          "name": "john doe"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

#### Get Comment

> This action gets a comment for a given incident.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This action gets a comment on a given incident.
```

  "watchlistAlias": "examplealias1",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|watchlist|Watchlist|False|Requested watchlist|

Example output:

```
```

#### Delete Watchlist

This action is used to delete requested watchlist.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0|
|watchlistAlias|string|None|True|The watchlist alias|None|examplealias1|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace1|

Example input:

```
{
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "watchlistAlias": "examplealias1",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|status|integer|False|Deletion status, 200 - ok, 204 - no content|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Kindly please add example output 😃

Example output:

```
{
  "properties": {"displayName": "HighValueAssets"},
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "watchlistAlias": "somealias1",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

#### List Watchlist Items

This action is used to list existing Watchlist Items.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a|
|watchlistAlias|string|None|True|The watchlist alias|None|exampleAlias|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a",
  "watchlistAlias": "exampleAlias",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|watchlistItems|[]WatchListItems|True|Gets all watchlist Items|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a|
|watchlistAlias|string|None|True|The watchlist alias|None|exampleAlias|
|watchlistItemId|string|None|True|Watchlist Item Id (GUID)|None|3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a",
  "watchlistAlias": "exampleAlias",
  "watchlistItemId": "3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|WatchlistItemProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|systemData|SystemData|False|Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

#### Delete Watchlist Item

This action is used to delete existing Watchlist Item.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a|
|watchlistAlias|string|None|True|The watchlist alias|None|exampleAlias|
|watchlistItemId|string|None|True|Watchlist Item Id (GUID)|None|3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a",
  "watchlistAlias": "exampleAlias",
  "watchlistItemId": "3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|message|string|True|Response message|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|watchlistAlias|string|None|True|The watchlist alias|None|exampleAlias|
|watchlistItemId|string|None|True|Watchlist Item Id (GUID)|None|3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "etag": "0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000",
  "properties": "{ 'Gateway subnet': 'https://example.com' }",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a",
  "watchlistAlias": "exampleAlias",
  "watchlistItemId": "3395856c-e81f-2b73-82de-e72602f798b6",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|WatchlistItemProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|systemData|SystemData|False|Azure Resource Manager metadata containing createdBy and modifiedBy information|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "properties": {
    "source": "Azure Sentinel",
    "threatIntelligenceTags": [
      "new schema"
    ],
    "displayName": "new schema",
    "threatTypes": [
      "compromised"
    ],
    "pattern": "[url:value = 'https://example.com']",
    "patternType": "url"
  },
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|kind|string|True|The kind of the entity|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "properties": "{'threatIntelligenceTags': ['new_tag', 'another_tag]}",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|kind|string|True|The kind of the entity|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above 😃

|sources|[]string|None|False|Sources of threat intelligence indicators|None|['Azure Sentinel']|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|threatTypes|[]string|None|False|Threat Types of Threat Inteligence Indicators|None|['compromised']|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "includeDisabled": true,
  "keywords": "new schema",
  "maxConfidence": 75,
  "maxValidUntil": "2021-04-05T17:44:00.114052Z",
  "minConfidence": 0,
  "minValidUntil": "2021-04-06T17:44:00.114052Z",
  "names": "['4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014']",
  "pageSize": 100,
  "patternTypes": "url",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "sortBy": "[ { 'itemKey': 'created', 'sortOrder': 'descending' } ]",
  "sources": "['Azure Sentinel']",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "threatTypes": "['compromised']",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|indicators|[]ThreatIntelligenceIndicators|True|Filtred threat intelligence indicators|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|name|string|None|True|Threat intelligence indicator name field|None|4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|kind|string|True|The kind of the entity|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Could you please add the example action's output? 😃

#### Delete Indicator

This action is used to delete existing threat intelligence indicator.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|name|string|None|True|Threat intelligence indicator name field|None|4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|message|string|True|Response message|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same here

|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "kind": "indicator",
  "properties": "{'source': 'Azure Sentinel', 'threatIntelligenceTags': [ 'new schema' ], 'displayName': 'new schema', 'threatTypes': [ 'compromised' ], 'pattern': '[url:value = 'https://example.com']', 'patternType': 'url'}",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|kind|string|True|The kind of the entity|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same here

|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup12|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe|
|threatIntelligenceTags|[]string|None|True|Array of tags to be appended to the threat intelligence indicator|None|['tag1', 'tag2']|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```
{
  "name": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup12",
  "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",
  "threatIntelligenceTags": "['tag1', 'tag2']",
  "workspaceName": "workspace23"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|True|Etag of the azure resource|
|id|string|True|Identifier created indicator|
|kind|string|True|The kind of the entity|
|name|string|True|Name of the entity|
|properties|ThreatIntelligenceIndicatorProperties|True|Object containing all the necessary properties to conclude a query|
|type|string|True|Type of the entity|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|incidentCommentId|string|None|True|Incident Comment ID|None|4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5|
|properties|CommentProperties|None|True|Comment properties|None|{"message": "some message"}|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace1|

Example input:

```
{
  "etag": "0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000",
  "incidentCommentId": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "incidentId": "73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5",
  "properties": "{\"message\": \"some message\"}",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comment|IncidentComment|True|Newly created incident comment|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above 😃

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|filter|string|None|False|Filters the results, based on a Boolean condition|None|properties/author|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|09b341e0-b2db-464e-9fef-c950b4eafa56|
|orderBy|string|None|False|Sorts the results|None|properties/createdTimeUtc|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace1|

Example input:

```
{
  "filter": "properties/author",
  "incidentId": "09b341e0-b2db-464e-9fef-c950b4eafa56",
  "orderBy": "properties/createdTimeUtc",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comments|[]IncidentComment|True|List of comment objects|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above 😃

#### Get Comment

This action gets a comment for a given incident.

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|incidentCommentId|string|None|True|Incident Comment ID|None|4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case insensitive|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace1|

Example input:

```
{
  "incidentCommentId": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "incidentId": "73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comment|IncidentComment|True|Requested comment|

Example output:

```

> ```

Reviewer: Same as above

|incidentCommentId|string|None|True|Incident Comment ID|None|4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5|
|properties|CommentProperties|None|True|Comment properties|None|{"message": "some message"}|
|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription|None|resourcegroup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace1|

Example input:

```
{
  "etag": "0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000",
  "incidentCommentId": "4bb36b7b-26ff-4d1c-9cbe-0d8ab3da0014",
  "incidentId": "73e01a99-5cd7-4139-a149-9f2736ff2ab5",
  "properties": "{\"message\": \"some message\"}",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",
  "subscriptionId": "d0cfe6b2-9ac0-4464-9919-dccaee2e48c0",
  "workspaceName": "workspace1"
}
```

##### Output

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|comment|IncidentComment|False|Newly created incident comment|

Example output:

```
```

#### List Comments

> This action is used to list all the comment of the requested incident.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This action is used to list all the comments of the requested incident.
```

```
{

>   "entities": []

Reviewer 3: Should this be reverted to provide a more accurate real world example?

```
#### Create or Update Incident

> This action this action creates or updates an incident.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This action creates or updates an incident.
```

##### Input

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|Example|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|-------|
|etag|string|None|False|Etag of the azure resource|None|0300bf09-0000-0000-0000-5c37296e0000|
|incidentId|string|None|True|Incident ID|None|incident-14071867|

> |properties|IncidentProperties|None|True|Incident properties object|None|None|

Reviewer 3: Can this be added back in?

|resourceGroupName|string|None|True|The name of the resource group within the user's subscription. The name is case-insensitive|None|resourcegrup1|
|subscriptionId|string|None|True|Azure subscription ID|None|aaaef455-a780-44ca-9e51-aaafffeeea3a|
|workspaceName|string|None|True|The name of the workspace|None|workspace23|

Example input:

```

> 

Reviewer 3: Can an example input be added here?

#### List Alerts

> This action is used to get all incidents alerts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This action is used to get all incident alerts.
```

#### List Bookmarks

> This action is used to get all incidents bookmarks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This action is used to get all incident bookmarks.
```

### Custom Output Types

> #### Alert

Reviewer 3: Can these custom output types be added back in to the help.md if they are still used?

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|Application|string|False|Application|
|Key|string|False|Description|
|Managed Indetity|string|False|Managed Identity|
|User|string|False|User|

#### Incident

|Name|Type|Required|Description|
|----|----|--------|-----------|
|etag|string|False|None|

> |Full Incident ID|string|False|Full incident ID|

Reviewer 3: Some of the name fields in multiple output types are the descriptions instead, can these be changed back to the correct name?

```
{
  "incidentId": "incident123",
  "resourceGroupName": "resourcegroup1",

>   "subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe",

Reviewer 2: I think this may be a real value 😬 Please search for everywhere we see `"subscriptionId": "0caafeeb-aaa0-44ca-ffe1-aaaaeeeffffe"` and replace it with a randomly generated UUID.

# Version History

> * 2.0.0 - Changed CreatedByType field for enum types. New actions: Create or Update Comment, Delete Comment, List Comments, Get Comment, Create Indicator, Get Indicator, Update Indicator, Delete Indicator, Query Indicator, Append Tags, Replace Tags, Create or Update Watchlist, Delete Watchlist, List Watchlists, Get Watchlist, Create Or Update Watchlist Items, Get Watchlist Item, Delete Watchlist Item, List Watchlist Items

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 2.0.0 - Changed CreatedByType field for enum types | New actions: Create or Update Comment, Delete Comment, List Comments, Get Comment, Create Indicator, Get Indicator, Update Indicator, Delete Indicator, Query Indicator, Append Tags, Replace Tags, Create or Update Watchlist, Delete Watchlist, List Watchlists, Get Watchlist, Create Or Update Watchlist Items, Get Watchlist Item, Delete Watchlist Item, List Watchlist Items
```
